Document the Jenkins Wiki Exporter service for plugins (#2589)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/doc/developer/publishing/wiki-page.adoc

NOTE: If there is no ticket for the documentation migration created by the current plugin maintainers,
make sure to create one and then discuss with the plugin maintainers.
Similarly, Asciidoc/Markdown preferences should be also discussed with maintainers.

There are the following migration steps:

. Fork the plugin repository in GitHub and clone it to the local machine.
. Export the documentation. It can be done in a manual or automated way, see below
. Add the documentation and images to the repository
** You can merge the exported file with existing README file or create a new one.
. Copy-edit the documentation, see below
. Modify the URL documentation page reference in the project file so that it points to GitHub (link:/doc/developer/publishing/documentation/#referencing-the-documentation-page-from-the-project-file[documentation]).
. Commit changes, push them to your fork and create a pull request against the repository.

=== Exporting Wiki documentation (automatic way)

It is possible to use link:https://jenkins-wiki-exporter.g4v.dev/[Jenkins Wiki Exporter] in order to export plugin documentation to Markdown or Asciidoc.

. Go to the service

> . Specify the plugin ID you want to export in the field

Reviewer: When I enter `git` or `git-client`, `platformlabeler`, `label-verifier (all ID's of valid plugins that have wiki pages) into the page, it reports `Internal server error` or reports `Not a wiki page`.

Can you help me understand the mistake I'm making so that others can avoid that mistake?

Author: https://github.com/halkeye/jenkins-wiki-exporter/issues/4

. In the "..." button in the top right corner click the _View Source_ action. A new window will open.
. Save the document as HTML to the repository, e.g. as `myplugin.html`.
. Call `pandoc -o myplugin.md --extract-media=docs/images myplugin.html` to export Markdown.
  Asciidoc format can be used as well, with the `.adoc` extension.
. Cleanup documentation. 
  link:https://jenkins-wiki-exporter.g4v.dev/[Jenkins Wiki Exporter] does some bits automatically, but you may need to apply manual updates here.
** Remove the macro references in the top of the document, if any.

=== Reviewing the documentation

. Review/edit the exported file formatting
** If the document includes "Table of contents", remove this section in Markdown 
   or replace it by `:toc:` macros in Asciidoc (link:https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jenkinsci/.github/master/.github/release-drafter.adoc[example]).
** If the source Wiki page includes code blocks, they will need to be manually converted. 
   Pandoc exports them as tables.
. Extract changelogs to a separate file
** It is recommended to extract changelogs to a separate `CHANGELOG.md` file in the repository root.

>    It will allows tools like Dependabot to pick up changelog summaries

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   It allows tools like Dependabot to read changelog summaries
```

** Use versions as headers.

>    Changelogs in Wiki often include release dates, but it is better to keep them in the text below the header.

Reviewer: Could you include a link to a `reference implementation` of a CHANGELOG.md file for a plugin that has a good CHANGELOG.md?  

I'd like to move the changelog for some plugins but would prefer to start with a good example as my basis.

Author: ```suggestion
   Changelogs in Wiki often include release dates, but it is better to keep them in the text below the header.
** Examples: link:https://github.com/jenkinsci/envinject-api-plugin/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md[EnvInject API Plugin], link:https://github.com/jenkinsci/aws-java-sdk-plugin/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md[AWS Java SDK Plugin]
```
